But if these textbook comments prove Au shouldn't be compatible with the protesters in Rya Bor experiencia,
the只有Itzen conditioned right should be月realization of Rya Bor birds?
should vote for the Zouzai party and be in the current group of neutral parties.
If the current group of neutral parties votes for the Zouzai party,
and the number of votes for the Ryodai party decreases,
then it will be a problem, and the Ryodai party will gradually change its policy
and the Zouzai party will eventually become the current group of neutral parties.
The cause of the decline will be revealed here, and the
fact that it is not the case has recently appeared.
The issue of military power limitation,
which was initially a very small number of people,
and the Ryodai party was absolutely against it,
has finally been realized and today more than 4 billion yen a year
is being saved for the sake of the entire nation.
Also, the general election was initially a small number of people,
and the Ryodai party was absolutely against it.
When the voice acting committee was formed,
it was considered a dangerous issue, and even though it was finally disbanded to the parliament,
today, the Ryodai party and the Zouzai party have come together to fight this and are currently in the world of discord.
The voters who saw this experiment will vote for the right thing,
not for the idea of ​​rebellion and a big thing,
such as the idea of ​​rebellion and a big thing,
and if the right thing is to vote for the right thing,
I think that the Ryodai party will definitely be in power and will be able to change the current Zouzai policy.
This is the benefit of the entire nation and is a message to the nation.
If this is the case, the day of the current Zouzai will come,
and if the Zouzai is reduced, the impending disaster will not be eased.
The beginning of the recovery of the disaster may appear here,
and the world may live,
but if it continues as it is today, there will be no hope.
If the national voters try to fix this disaster,
there will be no other way than to avoid voting for the Ryodai party.
I have a deep relationship with the Ryodai party,
so I don't like to say bad things about them, but I won't stop for the sake of the nation.
The fact that the Ryodai party has been trying to fix the disaster of today is the proof of this disaster.
The fact that the number of votes has increased significantly since the end of the Great Shogunate,
and that the annual budget has increased, is the most powerful proof of this.
I can't oppose this fact.